Improve trouble-shooting section. (#477)
toitware/web-docs: docs/support/troubleshoot/jagtroubleshoot.mdx

# Jaguar

## Problems with 'jag scan' not finding devices

If `jag scan` doesn't find any devices, you can always specify the IP address of the ESP32 directly. This can be done by running the following command:

``` sh
jag scan <ip-address>
```

You can find a device's IP address by looking at the serial output of the ESP32.

Providing an IP address directly to `jag scan` will let Jaguar try to contact the device directly. If found, it will make it the default device for future commands.

> <Expandable title="Are your computer and ESP32 on different network?">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Expandable title="Are your computer and ESP32 on different networks?">
```

Jaguar uses UDP broadcast packages to find devices on the network. If your computer and
ESP32 are on different networks, the broadcast packages might not reach the ESP32.
You can try to change your router settings, but usually it's just easier to provide
the IP address of the ESP32 directly.

</Expandable>

<Div></Div>

<Expandable title="Is your operating system Windows?">

Some Windows users have reported that the Windows firewall or some antivirus blocks
the UDP broadcast packages used by Jaguar to find devices on the network.

You can try to disable the Windows firewall or antivirus to see if this is the issue.

In most cases, it's easier to provide the IP address of the ESP32 directly.

</Expandable>

## Can't provide assets to `jag run -d host`

When running on the local machine with `jag run -d host`, Jaguar doesn't

> support to provide assets with `--assets`. This is a limitation of Jaguar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support providing assets with `--assets`. This is a limitation of Jaguar
```
